salt: Add kubelet_scrape_timeout to configure kubelet service monitor scrape timeout (#3554)
scality/metalk8s: docs/operation/cluster_and_service_configuration.rst

   than `retention_size`. You should at least add a 10% margin to be safe.
   (i.e.: set `retention_size` to 9GB for a 10GB volume)

Then :ref:`apply the configuration<csc-prometheus-apply-cfg>`.

Set Kubelet metrics scrape tiemout
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

> When using a bunch of sparseloopdevice kubelet metrics endpoint may spend
> a lot of time to retrieve volumes metrics. In such situation the default
> 10s scrape timeout of Prometheus is not enough as the metrics endpoint may
> take longer to answer.
> 
> To avoid losing data in such situations, we enabled customization of kubelet
> scarpe timeout, to customize it use the following configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases (e.g. when using a lot of sparse loop devices), the kubelet metrics
endpoint can be very slow to answer and the Prometheus' default 10s scrape
timeout may not be sufficient. 

To avoid timeouts and thus losing metrics, you can customize the scrape timeout as follows:
```

Author: Done in efb76c1cae80a2eda688435e521bea325ee75e98

.. code-block:: yaml

   ---
   apiVersion: v1
   kind: ConfigMap
   metadata:
     name: metalk8s-prometheus-config
     namespace: metalk8s-monitoring
   data:
     config.yaml: |-
       apiVersion: addons.metalk8s.scality.com
       kind: PrometheusConfig
       spec:
         config:

>           kubelet_scrape_timeout: 30s

Reviewer: bad indentation:
```suggestion
           kubelet_scrape_timeout: 30s
```

Reviewer: I'm wondering if we should rather add an extra level for service monitor, rather than putting it like this, e.g.:
```
spec:
  config:
    serviceMonitor:
      kubelet:
        scrapeTimeout: 30s
```
Or even:
```
spec:
  config:
    kubelet:
      scrapeTimeout: 30s
```

Author: Done in efb76c1cae80a2eda688435e521bea325ee75e98

Then :ref:`apply the configuration<csc-prometheus-apply-cfg>`.

Kubelet metrics scrape tiemout and both size and time based retentions can be

> activated at the same time.

Reviewer: For me this information is only relevant for the retention, because it could be mutually exclusive, you should let it where it was.

Author: Done in efb76c1cae80a2eda688435e521bea325ee75e98
